Icl tests (#40)
mosaicml/llm-foundry: scripts/eval/README.md

You can evaluate a model by preparing an evaluaton YAML following the format of the examples in the [`scripts/eval/yamls` directory](https://github.com/mosaicml/llm-foundry/tree/main/scripts/eval/yamls).

**Offline evaluation**

> You can run the evaluation script on a model checkpoint via `composer eval/eval.py YOUR_YAML` from the `scripts` directory or launch it on the mosaic cloud using a an MCLI YAML following the format of `llm-foundry/mcli/mcli-1b-eval.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the evaluation script on a model checkpoint via `composer eval/eval.py YOUR_YAML` from the `scripts` directory or launch it on the MosaicML platform using a an MCLI YAML following the format of `llm-foundry/mcli/mcli-1b-eval.yaml`.
```

> You can run the evaluation script on a model checkpoint via `composer eval/eval.py YOUR_YAML` from the `scripts` directory or launch it on the MosaicML platform using a an MCLI YAML following the format of `llm-foundry/mcli/mcli-1b-eval.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can run the evaluation script on a model checkpoint via `composer eval/eval.py YOUR_YAML` from the `scripts` directory or launch it on the MosaicML platform using a an MCLI YAML following the format of [`llm-foundry/mcli/mcli-1b-eval.yaml`](https://github.com/mosaicml/llm-foundry/blob/main/mcli/mcli-1b-eval.yaml).
```

> Your YAML must have a config section entitled `icl_tasks`, this can either be a dictionary of the form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your YAML must have a config section entitled `icl_tasks`, this can either be a list of dictionaries of the form
```
